hey guys welcome back to Matlock
store-room reviews and today I'm
continuing my Marvel Legends blog series
and this is figure number six which is
ourn very cool figure then looking
forward to him one of the ones I really
like out of the wave comes with the left
leg a blob which you can see below
standard packaging here a little bio
there so I don't know if you guys are
gonna be able to read that one and some
statistics decent wave had some pretty
crappy figures though but also had some
good figures that I wanted and I think
overall it's worth it especially for the
Builder figure and this was made by
Hasbro in 2006 so let's take a quick
break and we'll get him out of the
package alright we're back with Zorn and
first off the left leg of the blob very
awesome only two more figures and I'll
have him complete but on Tuesdays on
first off I've seen other people review
this figure and I've heard a couple
people talk about Zorn I particularly
never really knew the character um I got
out of the comics for a long time so I
kind of missed out on this point in time
I guess but uh I up until I got this
figure and read the back of the
packaging I thought this was actually
magneto and I've heard other people talk
about it that it was magneto but if
that's what you think then I think
you're wrong because on the package it
says otherwise but if you couldn't read
it it earlier when I had it on there if
you can pause it and read it then I'd
suggest looking it up on Wikipedia
because soon kinda interesting would
have been nice to read that in the book
seemed like a little bit of would have
been kind of cool but uh does kind of
look like Magneto though
a little bit anyways onto the figure
himself mmm very nice looking sculpt you
know I'm sure it's not a brand new
sculpt for this figure but does look
very nice it's got a kind of a little
jacket on it's kind of a harder rubber
but it's still kind of movable and he's
got some chains going on his chest it's
a metal it's really cool of course is
metal mask it's very nicely sculpted I
really like that looks really good and
just the outfit he's wearing looks
really cool I like that yellow and black
with the x-men logo very cool see all
just the sculpting and everything with
the lines and just all stuff throughout
his pants they definitely did a lot of
work on that looks really good of course
the helmet comes off which i think is
pretty cool pretty cool lookin face onto
articulation which he actually has quite
a bit Baldwin it head Baldridge shoulder
swivel at the upper bicep and I kind of
like how his shoulders kind of point it
like it's a jacket goes out I think
that's a really nice touch it's just not
the regular ball joint but it means
double jointed elbows and Baldwin it
hands with a pretty molded hands of
course okay it's okay okay I'm not going
on these things as long as they're not
just some stupid position at least these
hands like decent that up-and-down torso
joint as well as the swivel at the waist
balls women hips some reason looks like
you can see the lines right there maybe
for another body but it had that joint
right there but this one does not but
mm-hmm
this was probably a previous mold but
double jointed knees and swivel at the
mid-calf and then look at the side to
side pivot on this thing it's really
loose yeah I guess they're not loose
they just have a lot of free movement
most of them don't move that far
but I'm very cool goes back and forward
to force so it definitely has a lot of
great articulation and a very good
sculpt great paint detail and just a
cool looking figure definitely on my
favorites out of the wave but you know
even though I don't really know the
characters is definitely cool figure to
have so that was one thanks for checking
them out